yeah you're recording yeah okay tell
them that I'm gonna like they can hear
you in different hairstyles okay well
yeah I'm gonna tragic here so this is
the first no do the add the first one
this is really great okay like the other
ones yeah
I liked it when you did the first time
guys like we were like maybe acolytes
who try going to the side my 8 I got
this
alright with it you won't get pain
invisible money and say oh no we can't
do that
what is this people probably think we're
miss Micelli
it looks like you're trying to wrap it a
little bro hey I look crazy I look like
this my hair is a headscarf now I'm just
going to put all right there we go for
you no need to put a hat on and wear it
like all to the side like that notice
that bitch ass bitch what I did like
that's not even okay in the sentence you
know no no I say you know when I talked
and I watch myself talk I can see myself
talking with my tongue well with my team
so I don't talk with my tongue
all right tank wrong gonna have to keep
the bangs and a little Chinese kind of
slate right there
oh this is my headphones
that you definitely got for me when I
say otherwise
what else yes
okay second a long time because I'm
trying to make it like look messy but
not just women see like um oh you pull
my earring out no we're backs
don't look at my eggs
it is that you're not attractive this is
gorgeous
now usually like a freaking heaven or
something you you don't look that back
inside well people will just walk the
galleys in the camera he just walks
always all day I don't think I should do
that okay oh no it my headphones my nose
OMG
watch my ears man I should have you all
right since I don't have ears I didn't
hear that
you weren't hey keep your head straight
look at that reading you light your
larger prey hey you know you guys are
like identical twins
une lashes
I am yeah oh hey I was a time I him okay
had a bright bedroom night it off
this video
that's my future video right now come
show your gorgeous face to my camera oh
yeah
hey I'm Kyle like I totally am in love
with you and rhyme with my wife my gosh
I don't even know what I'm saying
love with the answer I don't look like a
musician I don't you look just like Eli
don't ya - okay this is the third style
just when you get home if you know
Washington should probably long but if
you do it's just this guy's okay wait
all right BA suck a little like